Tips:
1. The k and q grids need to be commensurate, with the k grid at least of the size of the q grid, and the same k-point and q grids are recommended;
2. The positive-definite homogeneous 6*6*6 k-point grid between 0 and 1 in nscf.in can be generated by using the script of kmesh.pl included in the Wannier package;
3. The Wannier-Fourier interpolation technique is based on the decay properties of the Wannier functions and of the phonon perturbations in real space;
4. To check how each quantity is decaying within supercell corresponding to our initial k and q grids, we can plot the files of decay.H (Hamiltonian), decay.dynmat (dynamical matrix) and decay.epmate (or decay.epmatp, electron-phonon matrix elements);
5. It is also possible to add extra keywords that are read by Wannier90 by using the input keyword of wdata (index) with increasing index number;
6. Here, we are asking Wannier90 to plot the electric band structure and we specify high symmetry points for this. As a result, the code will produce the following files: *_band.dat, *_band.gnu, and *_band.kpt;
7. We should always check whether the Wannier-interpolated electron and phonon band structures match well to those calculated using pw.x and matdyn.x, respectively;
8. With the input flag of band_plot=.true. in epw.in, we instructed EPW to save   on files the interpolated electronic bands (band.eig) and phonon frequencies (phband.freq) and we chose to interpolated them on same Brillouin-zone path as previous pw.x and matdyn.x runs;
9. This path is read from the file produced by Wannier90 in the previous run and called *_band.kpt, which is specified by the keywords of filkf and filqf;
10. To extract easily the data to plot, you can run the plotband.x program from the Quantum Espresso package and enter the input file (band.eig or phband.freq), the energy range (for example, -1 20), and the output file with the data to plot (band.dat or freq.dat). The other inputs are not relevant and simply push the ENTER key when asked;
11. The calculation of interpolated electron-phonon matrix elements is activated in EPW with the input variable prtgkk = .true.;
12. In EPW, two long-range contributions can be considered: dipoles and quadrupoles, by default, only the dipoles will be considered;
13. We can computed the quadrupole tensor for our materials via fitting of the perturbed density or fitting of direct electron-phonon matrix elements. Alternatively (easiest option), we can use perturbation theory and the Abinit code to compute quadrupole tensor, see https://docs.abinit.org/topics/longwave;
14. We can also look at the contribution of each phonon mode by using iverbosity=3 in the input. The file linewidth.elself will then contain the mode-resolved linewidths;
15. In the SCF calculation before the Phonon calculation, the k-point grid needs to be fairly large in order to get converged dielectric function and Born effective charges during the following Phonon calculation;
16. In EPW calculation, the number of pool -npool has to be the same as the total number of core -np since k-point parallelization is (almost) the only parallelization level allowed, G-vector parallelization will be introduced in EPW V6.0;



Steps:
1. Cell relaxation;
2. Phonon calculation;
3. EPW calculation: 
    (1) SCF calculation; 
    (2) NSCF calculation; 
    (3) EPW calculation.
